Adds documentation for lock server (#30)
SystemBuilders/LocKey: docs/lockservice.md

# Lock Service

This document describes the design and functionality of the lock service.

## High Level Functionality
The lock service implements a synchronization mechanism that can be used by other applications. It implements functions for acquiring and releasing locks to objects present in the application. The lock to an object is leased for a certain duration to the caller. This is done to prevent starvation of other requests to the lock. When the entity that holds the lock is done using the corresponding object, it can release the lock. If the lock's lease expires then it will be released and assigned to the next waiting entity that wishes to acquire it.

Clients communicate with the lock server via HTTP. `node` contains code for a HTTP server. When this is started, incoming requests are routed to their corresponding functions in the lock service using route handlers defined in `route`.

## Low-level implementation
The lockservice uses the following data structure to keep track of lock acquisitions: 
```go
type SafeLockMap struct {
	LockMap map[string]string
	Mutex   sync.Mutex
}
```

> On an `Acquire()` or `Release()`, the mutex of `SafeLockMap` is locked. The LockMap stores a mapping of the object that is locked to the sessionID that currently owns that object.

Reviewer: Mention something like - "The mutex is locked so that there are no concurrent accesses"; this isn't clear.

Author: done!

## Acquire

> When a client wishes to acquire a lock, it sends a HTTP request to the lock server (an HTTP server) at the `/acquire` endpoint with a marshaled JSON of the `LockRequest` struct. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a client wishes to acquire a lock, it sends an HTTP request to the lock service (an HTTP server) at the `/acquire` endpoint with a JSON encoded `LockRequest` struct. 
```

```go
type LockRequest struct {
	FileID string `json:"FileID"`
	SessionID string `json:"SessionID"`
}
```

> The request contains information of 'what' (FileID) needs to be acquired and 'who' (SessionID) wishes to acquire it. The `SessionID` is important because if the object does end up being locked, then the lock service maps the objects to the sessionID that is leasing the lock in `SafeLockMap`. This is to ensure that only the process that acquired the lock has the ability to release it. Since the `SessionID` is unique to each session and is never exposed to a client process, it is unlikely that it can be spoofed. The server then routes this request to the `Acquire()` method defined in the lock service using a route handler. This method updates the lockmap with the acquisition if the lock is not already acquired. If the method is successful, a response with status code 200 is sent to the client that requested the lock

Reviewer: These are all not `SessionID`, these are `ProcessID`.

Author: Changed!

## Check Acquire

> TODO

Reviewer: This and `Check Release` can be removed, we have a `Check Status` coming up. Feel free to add it or it can be added later. Speculate necessary details on the new function.

Author: done

## Release

> Either when a client wishes to release its lock or a session of a client expires, `Release()` is called for all corresponding locks. As in the case of `Acquire()`, a marshaled JSON of the `LockRequest` struct is sent to the lock server via HTTP to the `/release` endpoint. This struct would contain information of both the `object` that has to be released and the `sessionID`. The `sessionID` is important because it is used to ensure that only the process that requested the lock can release it. The condition for checking sessionID before performing a release would be: 

Reviewer: I'm on the edge on whether `Acquire()` is better or just `Acquire`.

Reviewer: Similar to `Release()`

Reviewer: Again, it's not `sessionID` it's `processID`. I agree both are unique but that's what I've passed so lets be consistent.

Author: Removed () and changed to processID!

```go
if request.sessionID == SafeLockMap.LockMap[object] {
	//release
}
```

> If the release condition is met, the `object:sessionID` mapping is deleted from the `SafeLockMap`

Reviewer: `processID`

Author: done

## Check Release

> Is this needed?

Reviewer: Removeeeee  :))))

Author: done

## Lock Leasing (Expiry)

> We implement a 'lazy' approach to determine when a lock expires. When acquiring a lock, the service notes the timestamp in a map that mirrors `Lockmap`.

Reviewer: Wasnt this still under triage? About using an extra map or not?

Reviewer: We did decide on using the same map afaik....

Author: Made the change such that timestamp is included in SafeLockMap
